[Music]
okay I leveled up the Cartographer
again let's
check hello and welcome back to learn
English with
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and it's been
over 1 month since I've made a Minecraft
video and since my last video Minecraft
has been updated to version
1.21 so there were a lot of new things
that were added to Minecraft like trials
Chambers look at the background of the
menu
screen this is a trials chamber and in
this video I'm going to start searching
for a trials chamber M let's open the
gate and it's
morning so I've played a little bit off
camera and I've built some new things
I'll show you look at this let's see
where is my spy glass here it is spy
glass all right look at this
this is going to be an
aquarium let's get on this mine
cart all right I'm in the mine cart
Let's Travel over to the aquarium and
let's get off off jump jump so this is
going to be an aquarium mhm I'm going to
collect a bunch of different kinds of
fish and put them in here but there's
still a lot of work to do let's get back
on one of these mine carts and let's get
off Okay the reason I want to find a
trials chamber is because in the trials
Chambers you can find a heavy core and
heavy cores are used to build a new
weapon the mace first I'll need a
cartographer villager I'm going to build
a house for
villagers and I think I'll build it
right here right here I'm going to build
it out of
bamboo one two three one 2 3 all right
now I'll use bamboo planks for the
walls a
walls okay and I'll put a door right
here
and right
here maybe this side will be a double
door oops there we go yeah this side
will be a double door and I'll Place
some more up here
uh-oh the sun's going
down okay I'll Place some Cobblestone
right here and some Cobblestone here and
in these spaces
I'll Place some glass to build
Windows
um okay but first I'll build a crafting
table crafting table and I'll use the
crafting table to
[Music]
build
oops to
build glass panes 1 2 3
4 5
6 7 8
9 okay so I built a window right here
now I'll build one on this side
cool I'll Place some Cobblestone and
glass and I built a window right here as
well next I'm going to dig up the floor
mhm using my netherite shovel
and I'll start
digging digging
whoa this shovel digs really fast dig
dig all right I dug up all of the floor
now I'm going to replace the floor
with deep slate bricks but I only have
one right now so I need to go back home
uh-oh uh-oh run oh there's my mine carts
run run run run
run all right and let's get
off okay first I'm going to pick up a
bunch of deep slate I have a ton of deep
slate now I'm going to sleep it's
morning I'm also going to pick up some
rails do I have
rails rails here are some powered rails
but I need normal
rails
rails more powered
rails okay here are some normal rails
I'll pick up these rails and I'm going
to use the stone cutter to turn this
Cobble deep slate into deep slate bricks
so I'll put the Deep slate in the stone
cutter and I'll I'll turn the Cobble
deep slate into deep slate bricks
uh-oh there's a spider in this mine
cart die spider
die and I'll push this mine
cart
push
okay let's continue building and we're
back all right now let's replace the
floor with deep slate
bricks there we
go all right I finished the
floor now let's build some bamboo doors
let's go to our crafting table and use
our bamboo Bamboo planks to build some
bamboo doors 1 2 3 perfect let's build
build some bamboo
fences there we go I built a bunch of
bamboo fences and let's place the fences
up
here let's take some bamboo
blocks and let's place them underneath
the
fences like
this okay so the villagers will go on
that side of the fence so they won't be
able to escape
mhm I need the villagers to stay in
there the first villager that I will
need is a
cartographer so first I'll build a
cartography table okay how do you build
a cartography table c a r t o g r a p h
y
cartography I need four planks and two
paper
here's some paper okay one two three
four
planks and two paper makes a cartography
table cool let's build
it and it's night time let's go back to
sleep morning close I'm going to break
this
bamboo and I'll replace that bamboo with
a craphy
table so let's place the cartography
table there we go so the first villager
will go in here I'll place two
fences there we
go the Cartographer will go in there so
now let's build a rail that connects the
Villager breeder to right
here let's get some rails
and let's start building build a
railway almost there I'm going to
destroy this door here we go all right
and let's connect the
rails
awesome I'm going to push the button and
get a
villager let's see if my villager
breeder Works let's press the button
yeah it
works all right now let's push this
villager over to the house push push
push push push I'm pushing the Villager
almost
there push
push all
right we did it and and let's break the
mine
cart there we
go awesome and because this villager is
close to the cartography table he turned
into a cartographer so now I need to
level up this villager by
trading so let's see what he wants to
trade so I could trade seven emeralds
for an empty map or I could trade 24
paper for one
Emerald I think I'll do this trade
because I can build a bunch of paper so
let's go build a bunch of paper and
bring it back here to the
Cartographer all right and I'm going to
get
off let's see how much sugar cane is is
in this
chest whoo a
lot now I'm going to build a bunch of
paper using this sugar
cane p a p e r
paper let's build a bunch of paper all
right I built a bunch of paper to trade
with the Villager so now let's trade
I'll trade 24 paper for one Emerald
[Music]
okay so I leveled up the
Cartographer now the Cartographer is an
apprentice so now I can trade 11 glass
panes for one Emerald or 12 emeralds and
the compass for One Ocean Explorer
map I need to continue leveling up the
Cartographer until they're a journeyman
so right now let's build some glass
panes and some paper so we can continue
trading with the
Cartographer first I'll build some glass
panes let's go over to the crafting
table p a n e
pane let's build a bunch of glass panes
I built two two full stacks of glass
panes and 11
more okay let's do some
[Music]
trading
okay I think I did
it the bar is
full
journeyman Woodland Explorer
map so this villager will not trade me a
map to the trial
chamber instead they're trying to trade
me the Woodland Explorer map to get the
Woodland Explorer map I will need 12
emeralds and one
Compass I have 20 emeralds so all I'll
need is one Compass so I'll trade for
this Woodland Explorer map then we'll
continue searching for the trials
chamber
map die
skeleton okay here we are we're back
I'll close the doors close the
door okay now I have a
compass so let's trade for the Woodland
Explorer
map there we
go now I have a map that will lead me to
a woodland
Mansion but I still need the trial
chamber map
so it's time to kill this
cartographer so I can get a new one
hopefully a cartographer that will trade
me the trials chamber map so it's time
for you to die die die die o it started
raining okay let's go back to the
Villager breeder and get another villag
to bring over here
button okay and let's push it over to
the
house
push uh-oh I see a creeper and a
skeleton die
spider okay there we
go break oops and now we have a new
cartographer now I need to level up this
cartographer
so I need to build more paper and let's
go to sleep so it stops raining okay
morning it stopped
raining and let's build some paper so
let's use the crafting table and build
paper let's build a ton of paper a ton
of
paper more
paper okay I built more paper than I can
carry
okay I built a ton of paper now let's
trade
trade now I have 24
emeralds let's see
Apprentice one
more
okay I think I leveled up the
Cartographer
again let's check
huh another Woodland Explorer
map die die
die I'm
sorry okay let's level up one more
cartographer let's press the
button okay we have a new
cartographer now let's trade more paper
and some more glass
panes I leveled up the Cartographer
again will this cartographer have the
trials chamber
map let's
see okay I'm ending this video here and
in the next
video I'll find a trials chamber
map but for
now I'm killing this
[Music]
villager and I'm ending this
video goodbye
[Music]